docs: OFO doc updates (#278)
open-feature/open-feature-operator: README.md

[![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/6615/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/6615)
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.com/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fopen-feature%2Fopen-feature-operator.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.com/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fopen-feature%2Fopen-feature-operator?ref=badge_shield)

## Get started

> The OpenFeature Operator is a Kubernetes native operator that allows you to expose feature flags to your applications. It injects a [flagD](https://github.com/open-feature/flagd) sidecar into your pod and allows you to poll the flagD server for feature flags in a variety of ways. To get started, follow the installation instructions in the [docs](./docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenFeature Operator allows you to expose feature flags to your applications. It injects a [flagD](https://github.com/open-feature/flagd) sidecar into relevant pods exposes gRPC and HTTP interfaces for flag evaluation. To get started, follow the installation instructions in the [docs](./docs).
```

I think all operators and K8s native.
